MADE FOR MY PROFILE IN 42 (Discord bot) -- THIS IS UNRELATED TO THE WEBSITE
LAST UPDATED 9/28/2024 3:01 PM
As requested, here is the list:


[ THE STARTING POINT ]

    1. Undertale (Phase 1)
        P.S. The reason this is separated into parts is due to the huge time gap between my two phases; this is 2016. One of my cousins had a birthday, and I talked to him on Skype (via chat),
        and I remember sending stickers related to the Angry Birds Movie that had recently come out at that time, and eventually it led to him asking me if I'd ever played Undertale before,
        I replied with no since I hadn't even heard of it yet, and then he sent me a ZIP file containing a pirated copy of Undertale, complete with a Russian translation.
        I was so into it, that in 2019, one of our math teachers died (R.I.P.) and I played through the game again just because I imagined I was... introducing her to the game..???
        Look, don't question my child self's thought process. I had a wild imagination.
    2. OneShot
        This does not include modifications such as FM and TM, since I did not know of them prior to 2022.
        Introduced to me by Merg in 2017. It was on the back of my mind until after #3, which is where I joined the OneShot server and the OSFM server in 2020 for no reason.
    3. Super Mario Power Star Frenzy (RIP)
        The reason I made my Discord account. I was asking for the "minimum specs" to run the game, since I had a fairly bad and cheap tablet laptop (16 GB of memory is no joke)
        Shut down due to Nick deciding to work on other projects, not due to Nintendo. His newer project, Aurascope, seems to be doing fairly well.
        There is a thread on the old server, however, where people can still talk. Started by Pixelcraftian. Yes, that one.
    4. Sonic the Hedgehog
        Yes, practically the entire franchise. Started with me replaying Sonic Adventure on PS3 in 2021 and realizing how good the game's story is.
    5. Pokemon Mystery Dungeon
        Started playing it in the summer of 2021. Ah.... The memories... Still didn't get me emoitonally though.


[ ONESHOT FADING MEMORY EPOCH ]

    6. OneShot Modifications
        I'm counting this as separate because this is what kickstarted my personality change.
        This includes mods such as OSFM and Tarion Machine. This is also where I joined the best friend group I could've hoped to join.
        Originally I joined the OSFM server in 2020 just to keep tabs on this supposed "sequel" to OneShot. There's no way, right? How could someone make a sequel out of such a story?
        In August 2022, I checked Discord, randomly decided to look at the pings in the server and... saw that there were talks of a release date, as well as increased activity. I knew I had to act fast.
        I started making videos about it, preparing for the release day. Planning, scheming, gears turning in my head. Eventually, it happened. It wasn't done professionally, but I was proud of what I had done.
        Then, something just snapped. Fell into place. I started making messages, despite it being mildly uncomfortable (I had barely talked at all at the time). Yet I knew if I wanted to talk to actual English people, I had to.
        Interest grew. I got the fabled DM from someone named "Kuruvenor" asking me if I would like to receive memes about OneShot or Omori. Knowing I would not like spoilers about Omori, I selected OneShot.
        ... I could go on, but I presume if you're still reading this, you're most likely already aware of this.
        I would just like to say thank you all for the good times. It's truly been fun so far, and I am so glad that life turned out this way for me. This was one of my lifelong dreams you've accomplished here. Thank you. <3
    7. ???
        A monument to all games that I have forgotten about for now. If I remember any, I will add them before or after this.
        May all that is forever forgotten rest in peace, for gods can only die through lack of memories.
        A7
    8. Sucker for Love
        The start of the, uh, coping mechanism. {Ln'eta}
        ...I would elaborate here, but I believe my actions have spoken already. Yet another round of applause to my infinitely long forehead and infinitely small brain.
    9. Ultrakill
        I'm not actually sure which order it goes from here, so may this be Ultrakill.
        I saw footage of it. I swore to never touch it. I never liked any shooters except for, like, Ratchet and Clank. There's no way this is gonna be good. Right? It has blood and gore. I don't like blood and gore, I'm not 18 yet.
        ...Yeah, so this game made me realise that I was telling myself a few lies...
    10. Outer Wilds
        I like to think this game affected my personality slightly. It certainly changed my perspective on spoilers.
        This is where I started to ask people to play games while I watch.
        "The universe is, and we are." {[BLOCKED; SPOILER CONTENT]}
        You know, the more I watched, the more I realized that I had burnt myself out on Outer Wilds content. It had only been a month. I let go of the game.
        And then, of course, Astrabit decided that everyone would need to play Outer Wilds now. Surprising, but I digress.
        Either way, I won't be returning to the game any time soon, despite it being a masterpiece. GG
    11. Undertale (Phase 2; Undertale Yellow + maybe more?)
        It all started with a simple question. From STYDK to me, it was a request. Would I play Undertale Yellow?
        "Undertale Yellow..?" I thought to myself. "Like... that one fangame that I saw 6 years ago in Merg's videos..? It actually got released?"
        I could still somewhat remember Dalv. The lonely vampire below the Ruins. But other than that? There was nothing.
        It was the perfect amount of knowledge for me to get into this game.
        It made me feel. I can say for sure, that this game made me shed a few tears. If you haven't played, please, please, please do so.
        ...If you couldn't tell, I'm writing this while I have the obsession still intact.
        And, I can't say anything else. Nothing except... {Martlet}
        [UPDATE 28.09.24] Since then, this has manifested into something grander. u/DigitalPhoenix2OO6 started the subreddit r/martletappreciation, and given my obsession at the time, I joined. I liked everything I saw, it was all perfect. I wished I could help. Then, Digital posted something along the lines of "This subreddit needs more mods, does anyone want to volunteer?"
I was ecstatic. Immediately, I dm'd Digital on Reddit, telling him my timezone and asking if there was anything else I needed to do. As I later found out, he did a slight background check on me, to see if I'm clear to be a mod or some kind of weird troll. I got accepted. So did Cyke.
I would go more into details, because there's a specific story I want to tell regarding this place, but I can't, not without breaking one of the key rules of it, as well as my own moral codex. But keep being interested; who knows, maybe when I depart from the Discord Co-owner and Reddit Moderator positions, I'll talk more about this.
Regardless, my Martlet obsession has lead me to another path with friends and foes, not unlike OSFM.
But slowly yet, they seem to merge, inch by inch, almost touching but not quite... A connection has been made, and interests have been shared, yet the purpose is still unclear. Perhaps it is meant to be after all?
I do wonder if you'll be here eventually, reading this. In time you will know.
    12. Shipwrecked 64
        To think that yet another one started through a request. Yet this time, it was from the Norwegian shapes man himself, Calipra.
        He asked if I wanted to play this game. Much like UTY, I knew next to nothing.
        All I had seen was Manly's playthrough of the old version, and even then, I couldn't remember a thing -- I was focused on something else when I "watched" it.
        I got the money that I had put for Sucker for Love's sequel, and I put it towards Shipwrecked 64 instead. What followed were the oddest 12 hours I had experienced from a game. [UPDATE 28.09.24: LIES]
        It was familiar, yet far away, and yet you love the characters, but you do *not* want to see them ever again, and... Well... Call me MatPat 2, because I also made connections to FNAF for no reason.
        After I finished, I wanted it to get away from my head. I was focused on a specific project for Undertale Yellow's obsession! I can't just abandon that! It's due to release in March!
        ...And yet, I'm writing it here. It is February 21st, 2024, 2:20 AM currently. Where do you think I am, mentally? Still on Undertale Yellow? Building that damn house in great detail only to fail and have to rebuild it about 50 times?
        Or here, in Shipwrecked? Remembering the adventure. The good times. (I'm sorry for what I put you through, Bucky...)
        ...You can draw parallels to OneShot here, actually.
        Maybe I should stay quiet sometimes... {Olive Otter would be the closest pick.}
    13. Garn47
        What started off as an exemplary Friday Night Funkin' mod turned into... something. It cannot be described, yet it is so satisfying. There's laughs and cries to be had, and confusion connects them so.
        I thought Silly Billy was going to be the highlight. I was caught completely off-guard by the game suddenly... being there. No rhyme or reason. It was... random.
        I explored. I got scared by the Garndog. I pressed H on the menu, and I saw her. {Drilly}
        I freed Car twice, I met Carr, I went into the fire and I came out flying through the walls of a maze of the infinity skyscrapers.
        All the rings, and yet one more. Be gentle with the radios you'll find. The good memories I've had with this game are plentiful. Praise for all those who form together the story.
        Tricked by a mod, yet making more. Look through the files, and see the names. And don't forget to wake up when you're almost there. They're everywhere, you just have to look closer.
        ...In case you couldn't tell, I love making cryptic hints. These suck though lmao.
